[Intro]
[What is your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
My favourite classes from the graphic design program are tied between web dev and motion graphics.
For web dev, I loved the problem-solving aspect of coding and I really wanted to code websites from the very beginning
that’s kind of what brought me into the graphic design program, so I really really loved that class.
I loved motion graphics, I had never really thought of animating graphics before
so being exposed to that and learning basic animation principles and bringing graphics to life was very very interesting to me.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In the next five years I hope to see myself still in the government.
I’m currently on route to being bridged in full time with Public Safety doing analysis as well as graphics for them.
So hopefully in five years I will be moving up the ranks there.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
My other passions include hockey and skating.
I’m a past university athlete from Concordia University and I played on their women’s hockey team.
So hockey is always a big part of my life and I still play to this day. Hopefully I can get back on the ice soon.
[Outro]